Docs update pass (#1206)
streamr-dev/hub: app/src/docs/content/dataUnions/joinAndWithdraw.mdx

```

### Withdrawing earnings

> When a member wants to withdraw their earnings, that happens through an Ethereum transaction to the smart contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earnings in DATA token accumulate on the Data Union smart contract. Every active member has a claim to a fraction of these funds, as determined by their join date and the parameters of the Data Union smart contract. That claim is asserted when they make a withdrawal transaction.
```

Probably better started this way. The existing sentence is not technically accurate for a sidechain withdrawals AFAIK.
